### ecen4003-project
**A multithreaded kernel-based image filter implementation**

----

This project is an implementation of an image filter implementation with the following characteristics:

- Multithreaded (worker threads processing tasks)
- Dynamic kernel size (different areas of the image can use different kernel sizes)

Tentative:

- Video filtering, three-dimensional kernels
- Pre-programmed parameterized kernels

##### Building & Running

`make build` builds the project without any fuss. `make run` will run the project on test data. The default make target (just `make`) shows a menu of available make targets.

##### Javadocs

Documentation for the Java source files is autogenerated by the `javadoc` tool and can be found in `docs/javadoc`.

##### Kernel Specifications (JSON)

Base kernels are specified in JSON (base kernels are the initial kernels that are then dynamically reduced to derive the actual kernels). The JSON specification for a kernel is as follows:

- `type`: An integer type field. For standard 2D kernels, type is 0.
- `kernel`: The kernel array data. An nxm array of floating point data.
- `coeff`: A float coefficient which is multiplied by the entire array to derive the actual kernel values. Useful for entering fractions as kernel elements.
- `width`: The integer x dimension of the kernel array. For sane behaviour, should be an odd number greater than 0.
- `height`: The integer y dimension of the kernel array. For sane behaviour, should be an odd number greater than 0.
- `name`: A string with the human readable name of the kernel. Not used by the filtering algorithm.

An example kernel is shown below:

    {
        "type": 0,
        "kernel": [
            [ -1, -1, -1],
            [ -1,  8, -1],
            [ -1, -1, -1]
        ],
        "coeff": 1,
        "width": 3,
        "height": 3,
        "name": "3x3 Edge Detection"
    }
